THE DUKE OF CAMBRIDGE AND THE REPORTER.

IN the Queen's Bench Division, on Friday, before the Lord Chief Justice
and Mr. Justice Hawkins, Mr. Abinger moved for an order, calling upon
Mr. Bridge, the Bow-street magistrate, to show cause why he should not
hear and determine an application for a summons applied for by Mr.
Simms, described as a reporter, against the Duke of Cambridge, for an
assault committed on May 25th, on the occasion of the Prince and
Princess of Wales inspecting the Metropolitan Fire Brigade. On the 28th
Mr. Bridge suggested that the case was one for the County Court, but the
complainant did not accept the suggestion, and went on to make his
complaint. The information was read, but not sworn, the learned
magistrate refusing to allow it to be sworn, and he declined to grant a
summons. In the information the applicant stated the details of the
alleged assault, which took place at the Horse Guards, Whitehall. An
affidavit to a similar effect was also read by the learned counsel, who
contended that all the elements of an assault which it was possible to
bring were present. After arguments, Lord Chief Justice Coleridge said
that it was of the greatest importance that the public should be
satisfied that before the law all subjects of the Queen are equal. He
had not a shadow of opinion as to what might be the issue of the case,
but it was clear to his mind that Mr. Bridge had not exercised his
discretion, which he was bound to exercise judicially, and therefore the
rule must be granted. Mr. Justice Hawkins concurred. Mr. Abinger asked
whether the rule would be nisi or absolute. Their lordships pointed out
that at present they had only heard Mr. Abinger, and the magistrate
might have an explanation. Rule nisi granted.

________________________________

AT the West Bromwich Police court, on Friday, a man named Thomas Francis
Sinclair was remanded on a charge of attempting to murder George
Williams. The men slept together, and on Wednesday the accused is
alleged to have jumped out of bed, and to have fetched a knife and
stabbed Williams. It has been stated that both men were in love with the
same girl, and that the deed arose out of jealousy, but the girl
indicated denies the story.

A LUNATIC patient, named Harris, in the Royal Naval Hospital at Great
Yarmouth, made a violent attack on Friday morning upon two other
patients, named Miller and Parkes, with a red-hot poker. Both lie in a
very dangerous state. Dr. Browne, one of the hospital doctors, had his
head and arm injured in trying to disarm Harris, and Mr. Cummins, who
eventually wrested the poker from the man, had his hands burned. An
official named Kelly also received a terrible blow on the liead.
