CHARGE OF SETTING FIRE TO A HOUSE.

AT the Thames police-court, Charles Mawzi was charged with willfully and
maliciously setting fire to the house, 2 Caroline-street,
Commercial-road East. At a quarter to four o’clock that morning Lilly, a
constable, No. 332 K, was on duty in Caroline-street, when he met the
prisoner, and he said, “I have just come from a fire,” alluding to a
conflagration in Philpot-street, Commercial-road, “and there is another
one up the street, close to the brewery.” Lilly caught hold of him, and
found that his coat and hands were covered with whitewash, and on being
asked to account for it he said, “I have just come from a fire; I’ll
show you where it is.” On reaching No. 2, which is an unoccupied house,
prisoner pulled open the shutters and said, “Can’t you hear the fire
now?” and Lilly then heard the crackling of wood. He sprang his rattle,
and William Gadd, sergeant, 23 H, and Alfred Ford, 358 K, came up. Ford
got in the window, and on opening the back parlour door he found the
staircase in flames; also the ground and basement floor partly burnt.
Lilly ran for the turncock, and in the meantime Sergeant Gadd and Ford,
assisted by a man with a house in the Commercial Brewery, next door to
the house, commenced playing on the fire. In ten minutes’ time a fire
engine arrived, and the flames were extinguished Sergeant Gadd gave the
prisoner into custody. The prisoner said he went to put out the fire. He
was remanded, one surety in £20 being accepted for his appearance.
