CAPTURE OF PICKPOCKETS.

AT Stratford petty sessions, Henry Harcourt, twenty-five, a waiter and
dealer, of Victoria-park; and Michael Higgins, living at a lodging-house
in Commercial-street, were charged with stealing a sum of £5 from Joseph
Samuel Smith, residing at Higham-street, Walthamstow; Henry Wallace
(address refused) was also charged with being concerned with the others,
and also with assaulting Henry Thomas by striking him with a stone.
Police-constable 216 A stated that he was near Higham-hill Dairy Farm,
where a sale was taking place, and he saw the prisoners standing round
the prosecutor. He further saw Henry Wallace taking his hands from the
prosecutor’s lefth and trousers pocket. Witness then went to Mr. Smith,
and that gentleman discovered he had lost a bag, in which was £5. The
prisoners were seen running down the hill together, and after a smart
chase they were captured, two by the officer and Harcourt by a gentleman
in a trap. The officer saw money passed between the prisoners, and when
at the station £2 5s. 10 ½d. was found upon them A warder from
Coldbath-fields prison proved previous convictions against Wallace. They
were committed for trial.

__________________________________________

CRUELTY TO A RACE HORSE. – Mr. Litherea, the well-known gentleman rider
at steeplechases, was on Saturday summoned before the Crewkerne
magistrates, at the instance of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, for ill-treating a horse by over-spurring it at the
West Somerset Steeplechases in March. The defence was, that the injuries
were caused by the horse cannoning against the rail. The defendant was
fined £5 and costs.

REMARKABLE SUICIDE NEAR PLYMOUTH. – Whilst a goods train was passing
over the tubular bridge on the Cornwall Railway, at Saltash, on Saturday
night, the driver noticed a man deliberately place himself in front of
the engine. The whistle was blown and the brake applied, but before the
train could be brought up it had passed over the man, who was terribly
mangled. In his pocket was a found a letter addressed to his wife, Mrs.
Purvis, of Plymouth, intimating his resolve to commit suicide.

THE RING THEATRE TRIAL. --- SEVERE SENTENCES. – The decision of the
court in the case of the fire at the Ring Theatre was delivered last
week at Vienna. Herr Jauuer, manager of the theatre, the workman
Nitsche, and Inspector Geringer, were pronounced guilty of contributing
to the catastrophe by their negligence. The first-named was sentenced to
four months simple arrest, Inspector Geringer to strict imprisonment for
the same period, and Nitsche to eight months’ imprisonment. In the two
last cases and additional punishment is inflicted of one fasting day a
month. The other defendants were acquitted.
