COMPENSATION TO A PUBLICAN.

AT the Mansion House Police-court the Metropolitan and the Metropolitan
District Railway Companies appeared before the Lord Mayor, M.P., by
their representatives, in order that the amount of compensation claimed
under 121st section of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act by Mr. Dew,
the proprietor of the Monument Tavern, Fish-street-hill, might be fixed.
Mr. Grantham said he appeared for Mr. Dew to ask his lordship to assess
the amount of compensation to which he was entitled under the 121st
section of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, in consequence of the
railway companies taking possession of his premises for purposes
connected with the railway. When the interest of a tenant was only from
year to year the compensation had to be assessed by a magistrate. The
case was a simple one, but had been productive of a great deal of
litigation. The details of the case having been gone into, the Lord
Mayor fixed the total amount of the compensation due to Mr. Drew at Â£698
4s. 1d. Mr. Grantham then applied for costs, and the Lord Mayor granted
twenty guineas costs.

_____________________________________

AT the Cardiff Police-court, on Saturday, Thomas Evans was remanded on a
charge of having caused the death of John Collins, on May 27th. The
parties, it was alleged, quarrelled and fought, and Collins fell and
Evans knelt on him and then kicked him until he was taken up insensible.
He was taken home, but lingered till Friday, when he died. Prisoner was
remanded for a week. He is said to be a very violent man, and has been
previously charged with killing a man in a fight.
