Page 1
POSTON CHRONICLE
Doset's
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1943
WEIGHT LIFTING MEET
END IN TIE
KNUTE ROCHE'S
SPORTSMEN'S PRAYER
-- Minidoka Irrigator
Married life does'nt
seem to take any stren
sth out of the muscles
as
the married men
team consisting of Ed-
die Matsumura, Terao
Takahashi and Hatsuo
Kurihara tied the sinc
le. men group,
George
Shiranoto,
Yoshiharu
George Shiramoto lift-
ing 145 lbs. in prone
press, 355 1bs. in dead
lift and his total of
1145 lbs. made new Pos
ton records.
. Whenever you
"hos-
tile" players lose a
game, stop and
think
what the
great
Knute
Rockne
used
to
tell
his team before a game,
In this battle .that
goes on thru life,
Give me but a field
Ono and Harry Kuranaga
that is fair
A chance to be equal
with all in the strife
whose
team
totaled
28174 lbs. at 307 Rec.
Hall on Oct. 16, with
With
courage
't Q
strive and to dare,
If I should win, let
it be by the code
With my head and my
honors held high
And if I should lose,
let me
stand
by
the
road
And cheer as the win
ners so by.
Seicii Yamakawa, Shu
ri Liano and
.Ben
Yumen
and Takeo Yamakawa wore
other lifters participa
ting in the meet. Unit
III weight lifting meet
will be held on Nov.6
at 310 stage.
Everyone is welcomed.
to attend.
Postom II walked off
with the Women's play-
off tournament . held
Sunday afternoon, Oct-
ober 17, at the 32 Rec.
Hall. Poston I women's
team will pla; the Pos
ton III tean within
this week.
UNIT II CHEN
DEFEAT UNIT I
PING PONG TEAL
-
"B" LEAGUE STANDING
Team
W L Pct.
Block: 44*
2 1 :667
Monterey Bay
2 1 .667
Hylites
2 1 .667
Luanans
0 3 .000
*Block 44 won
play-
off.
..
TRANSPORTATION
OFFERED BREACHING
MISSION GOERS
קנ Cai
II residents
w ishing to hear Dr.E.
Stanley Jones on Wed-
nesday at Ca I and
Thursday at C. : III
will be provided with
special transportation,
They are asked to meet
at the front of the
Ci urch 211 at 7:15 p.m.
APPRECIATION
To my friends and
the hospital staff, I
wish to express my sin
cere appreciation for
the courtesy and kind-
ness shown to my wife
during her progress at
the hospital.
T. Yemano
215-2-A
NOVEL HUT NEWS
Added to the pay
shelves recently are
the following
books:
HUNGRY HILL-Da ohne Du-
naurier; GIRL I !! OVER-
ALLS-D' len
As h ely;
CENNTENNIAL SUMMER-AI-
bert Iceall ; SEVEN CAME
THROUGH-Capt.E. V. Rick-
enbacker, "were . donated
by Takako Yagi, New Con
cord, Ohio.
Kimiko Yagi, temporal
ily head librarian an-
nounces that the libre
ry will be closed
on
Friday, Oct. 22.

