POSTON CHRONICLE
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1943
WEIGHT LIFTING MEET
END IN TIE
Married life does'nt
seem to take any stren
5th out of the muscles
as
the married men
team consisting of Ed-
die
Matsumura, Terao
Takahashi and Hatsuo
Kurihara tied. the sing
le. men group,
George
Shiranoto,
Yoshiharu
Give me but a field
Ono and Harry Kuranaga
whose
tean
totaled
28174 lbs. at 307 Rec.
Seici Yamakawa, Shu
ri Liano and
.Ben
Yumen
and Takeo Yamakawa wore
other lifters participa
ting in the meet. Unit
III weight lifting meet
will be held on Nov.6
at 310 stage.
Everyone is welcomed.
to attend.
"B" LEAGUE STANDING
Postom II walked off
with the Women's play-
off tournament . held
Block 44*
2 1 .667
Sunday afternoon, Oct-
Monterey Bay
2 1 .667
Hylites
2 1 .667
ober 17, at the 32 Rec.
Hall. Poston I women's
Luanans
0 3 .000
team will play the Pos
play-
ton III tean within
this week.
.. .
Team
W L Pct.
*Block 44 won
off.
KNUTE ROCHE'S
SPORTSMEN'S PRAYER
---
-- Minidoka Irrigator
. Whenever you
"hos-
tile" plavers lose a
came, stop and
think
what the
great
Knute
Rockne used
to tell
his team before a game,
In this battle .that
goes on thru life,
that is fair
A chance to be equal
with all in the strife
Hall on Oct. 16, with
With
courage
't Q
George Shiramoto lift-
ing 145 lbs. in prone
strive and to dare,
If I should win, let
press, 355 1bs. in dead
lift and his total of
1145 lbs. nade new Pos
ton records.
it be by the code
With my head and my
honors held high
And if I should lose,
let me
stand
by
the
road
And cheer as the win
ners so by.
UNIT II CHEN
DEFEAT UNIT I
PING PONG TEAL
TRANSPORTATION
OFFERED BREACHING
MISSION GOERS
Camp II residents
w ishing to hear Dr.E.
Stanley Jones on Wed-
nesday at Ca I and
Thursday at C. : III
will be provided with
special transportation,
They are asked to meet
at
the
front of the
Ci urch 211 at 7:15 p.m.
APPRECIATION
To my friends and
the hospital
staff, I
wish to express my sin
cere appreciation for
the courtesy and kind-
ness shown to my wife
during her progress at
the hospital.
T. Yemano
215-2-A
NOVEL TUT NEWS
Added to the pay
shelves recently are
the following books:
HUNGRY HILL-Daphne Du-
naurier; GIRL I !! OVER-
ALLS-E'len As h ely;
CENNTENNIAL SUMMER-AI-
bert Iceall ; SEVEN CAME
THROUGH-Capt.E. V. Rick-
enbacker, "were. donated
by Takako Yagi, New Con
cord, Ohio.
Kimiko Yagi, temporal
ily head librarian an-
nounces that the libre
ry will be closed
or
Friday, Oct. 22.
